what's that shuttle who shop there
are tagging come para hi captain my
swimmers okay my angle shot I was good
did on Saturday miss
samzies mom doc I pregunto Robert Parish
a tragedy nada Shah know my opponent a
record which crashed in jail disqus a
cabana as a professor pony Marion object
a disk is someone has a similar nature
nature tada they shouldn't support the
fudge restorative soup did fight
response to lay unprofitable a tu pataka
o neter no require who car it is not you
know that other okay I bring it man
Robert personal posted ow bunny scrapers
okay
in rebuttal oh ok
ever met someone cuz was that that it
was a teacher that was him and little
does not hey hey mom she's a dog's
interrupt okay uh opening week on two
choices Miasha miss hecho para esta como
esta en pedazos Tyson responded she dupa
how much have I just um sure
oh I always got model ready
let you get it so Chipper gee goof Tim
foj Tasha oh you come to see go get my
check but another question that's a
shame for Delta bro ice cream gotta
Tyson fishy major pairs of shoes or
money
okay hack some dumb bunny okay mr. nice
natural stuff did you talk to let alone
okay